hey guys today we'll be covering a six
episode mystery horror series called
juwon origins
be sure to stay till the end so you
don't miss out the conclusion of this
amazing series episode one juwon is an
inspiration from real life events
originated from a house the real life
event is far more frightening than all
the depictions it's 1988 a man returns
to his home and settles down he slides a
cassette into the vcr and sits back to
watch a reality show highlighting a
guest named haruka honjo and himself
being introduced as yasuo odajima a
proclaimed paranormal researcher anchors
then start to speak and odajima's wife
enters the house on the television show
haruka describes an incident she came to
tokyo and started living in a one
bedroom apartment but she heard
footsteps at night while odajima is
watching his wife gives him the cassette
containing the sound of footsteps he
asks karuka to record meanwhile on the
tv haruka imitates the sound of the
footsteps odajima plays the cassette on
the radio but cannot understand it so he
invites his wife to listen to it as well
she tries to comprehend the recording
but fails to do so they play the
recording again where a low croaking
sound can be heard but still
undecipherable the following day the
show stage is set and everyone is silent
after listening to the voice cassette
from haruka the female anchor snaps her
partner and he starts a show the female
comments that it seems the speaker was
close to the microphone odajima asks
haruka if she spoke anything during the
recording to which she responds in
denial the anger takes the view of the
third person sitting with them mr sako
who simply states that his beliefs are
against the fact of the house being
haunted the anchor then asks haruka if
the incident happened with any previous
tenant to which she replies that nothing
happened previously and the realtor
assured her it's broken by commercial
break during the recess haruka asked
kodajima about the reason behind
collecting these horror stories he says
he doesn't really know as they walk
along haruka share that she has moved
into her boyfriend's apartment because
as he visited her he saw things and
advised her to leave odajima tries to
know more about it but the assistant
calls haruka and she leaves in the turn
of events a new girl is admitted to a
school in the middle of the semester her
mother sends her out and starts shedding
tears in front of the teacher while
explaining how hard it is for them and
gains his sympathy by victimizing
herself later the girl introduces
herself as kiyomi kawai her teacher
sends her to the back seat as she
settles down she's eyed by two girls the
scene takes off at the bank where dajima
asks for tetsuya fukuzawa one of the
employees identifies fukuzawa for him
hodajima meets him later and asks him
about the incident that made haruka
leave her apartment odajima records as
tetsuya starts narrating the story about
an inexpensive house he went to see as
he enters the house he immediately
senses the creepiness of the place
odajima's recording him and asked him
about the location tetsuya refuses to
reveal it and admits that he can see
things back in the past when tetsuya
visits the house he finds it insanely
odd he walks around and feels the
eeriness that looms all over just as
he's about to leave he senses someone
behind him a woman in a white dress
stood still in the shadows at the end of
the room meanwhile haruka's recording is
being played in a car the little girl at
the passenger seat takes the cassette
out stating that it scares her the guy
who's driving pulls the car aside he
asks the girl to return the cassette to
him but she complained to go home that
barbaric person then starts bashing the
little girl ruthlessly at the school
kiyomi is at the locker room when her
two class fellows approach her and
invite her along on an adventure they
plan to visit the cat mansion an
abandoned house populated by cats kiomi
agrees with their proposal and returns
home her mother is preparing dinner she
tells her about the letter she received
from the school and as she comes to the
living room the news on tv states about
the kidnapped girl named natsuki the
same girl who got the beating in the car
kiyomi's mother throws a letter in the
bin after reading and goes to her room
she raises her suspicion about the
teacher and recalls her own sacrifices
which she made to protect her daughter
he only thrusts her away her mother
lashes at her calling her a [ __ ] for
seducing her own father and leaves the
room meanwhile haruka returns home from
the studio and finds tetsuya sleeping on
the floor he wakes up and tells her
about the visit from adajima she tells
him to lay it off and as she goes to
take a shower tatia asked her if she
will meet his mother and just as she's
about to share something else they hear
footsteps in the bedroom he sits down
and tells haruka about the strange house
he visited he admits the issue might be
him and not haruka's apartment suddenly
he points at the bedroom door the door
previously closed is now slid sideways
instantly the light also turns on by
itself they both stand there horrified
after a brief consideration tetsuya
barges into the bedroom to find it empty
he turns back to leave but sees a figure
behind the translucent glass he falls
backwards when a barefooted woman
emerges and enters the bedroom he's the
same woman from the strange house tatia
loses himself as she pulls out a sack in
front of him he covers himself while
screaming frantically suddenly the woman
is replaced by haruka and she consoles
him as he trembles in her arms the
following morning kiyomi accompanies her
fellows to the house on the way a guy
named yudai joins them kiyomi feels
concerned but nevertheless carries on as
they enter it becomes known it's the
same house where tetsuya felt the
presence kiyomi picks up a cat as the
rest of them breach inside they start
checking around you the e and one girl
start discussing where it should be done
kiyomi being unaware of what's about to
happen looks around innocently suddenly
the two girls grab her and push her to
the floor she gets raped and the whole
house drenches in her helpless cries and
pledges episode 2 it's a strange house
the girls have kiyomi pinned down she
cries to them to stop udaini threatens
to stab her if she keeps making the
noise he then proceeds with his
vulgarity by taking off his pants while
he's raping her one of the girl gets out
the camera and starts flashing pictures
of them he only lies there helplessly as
yuda yi goes on but the other girl is
completely silent once they're done
yudai gets up and the camera girl warns
her that if she dares to tell anyone in
school her photos will be leaked kiyumi
lies on the floor in her devastated
state as they both take no notice and
proceed to enjoy themselves in another
room kiyomi manages to get herself up
and slowly walks upstairs where she
hears the meowing of a cat she finds the
cat in a wardrobe he only picks it up
and scoots in the little space of the
cabinet and slides the door closed she
then sits by herself in the dark
wardrobe and whimpers in helplessness
while she's crying on her unfortunate
fate she witnesses the face of the woman
in the white dress and shrieks at the
top of her lungs downstairs yudahi and
his girlfriend hear the scream he leaves
her and comes upstairs he slides open
the cabinet to find kiyomi sitting there
weak as a petal she comes out and hugs
him meanwhile the other girl while
coming upstairs sees mai walk behind her
and go into a room she then comes to the
second floor to see udai lying over
kiyomi she tells him about mai and they
don't proceed downstairs to look for her
no one finds her so yudai prepares to go
kiyomi also leaves the house and
requests you daily to walk her home he
agrees and kiyomi gives the other girl a
taunting smile as they leave her
standing there the following day tetsuya
takes hanukkah to meet his mother on
their way she talks about how nervous
she is they arrive at her place and
tetsuya rings the bell when no one
answers he goes into the house to check
on her while haruka's waiting outside he
hears someone call her name and upon
pondering she sees tetsuya standing
across the road at the exact moment
tezia comes out and invites haruka
inside as she walks in tatia goes in to
call his mother and while she's looking
around her eyes fall upon the woman in
the white dress standing in a room
suddenly haruka jolts up from the bad
dream and she's in her studio with her
friend the news reports the murder of a
17 year old girl after being raped by
three men as they listen to the news
haruka gets a phone call stating that
tetsuya fukushima has passed away that
night she goes to the funeral and meets
odajima he remarks that the police say
he just collapsed to death as they talk
tetsuya's cousin invites haruka to meet
tetsuya's mother as they walk in her
mother explains that they cannot show
his face to anyone haruka requests to
show her techia's face and as they open
the casket she's horrified at the sight
of him as his face is frozen in utter
disbelief and shock her mother
elaborates that she has the power which
passed on to tetsuya before his demise
meanwhile at the school the teacher and
the girl discussed the disappearance of
mai mr noguchi indicates that she's been
seen in the rabbit hole disco club
whilst they're talking kiyomi walks in
and informs mr nogochi that he's been
invited to her place by her mother later
when she leaves kiomi asks the girl to
give her the pictures he snapped the
girl in a distressed state gives her the
pictures as kiyomi's about to leave she
is requested to help find mai but she
rejects her request the same night the
girl visits the rabbit hole and asks
everyone around for mai everybody
replies in denial as she's at the bar
she hears someone whisper her name
yoshiye she turns around to see mai
standing at the far end of the club at
the doorway yoshiya walks up to her and
apologizes mai extends a hand to yoshie
and takes her away meanwhile kiyomi
returns home with yudai accompanying her
as they creep in her mother's moans are
ringing around the house they quietly
enter kiyomi's room yuda e looks around
in uneasiness as feminine moans can be
heard meanwhile mr naguchi leaves her
room to grab his stuff he's afraid that
his career will be finished if he gets
caught and after stating that he leaves
the house afterwards her mother is
smoking as kiyomi walks in and reads out
the letter stating that she's about to
leave her mother replies in indifference
that she can leave if she wants but go
silent upon hearing a cat's meow in the
next room kiyomi confronts her about
their pet cat that her mother killed she
denies that as well and walks out he
only then blackmails yudai to kill her
mother and if he won't do that his
pictures of molesting her will be handed
over to the police yudai then grabs the
telephone and walks up to her mother and
starts striking her she begs kiyomi to
forgive her but yudai murders her kiyomi
asks him to wipe his fingerprints and
she takes out the used condom from the
dustbin and spreads all the seeds around
her mother's dead body kiyomi then
leaves with yudai the following day the
murder of mina kawaii is on the news the
police arrest mr naguchi as the culprit
of the gruesome homicide back at the
strange house the woman is sighted
standing in the window of the upper
floor at night tetsuya's mother wakes up
to find him sitting outside her room she
slowly approaches him as he tries to say
something even after several tries
tetsuya cannot form a single word his
mother desperately tries to understand
him but he doesn't utter a single word
he sits on the floor in pure blankness
as her son silently gets up and leaves
episode 3 it's 1994 udais working at the
garbage disposals while being treated
like garbage as he returns home he takes
out all his fury on his family kiyomi
and her son he starts blaming kiyomi for
his miserable state as toshki the little
boy sits silently behind the closed door
udai takes his anger on kiyomi by
violently hitting her once the violence
is being inflicted poshki sees the feet
of the woman in white in front of him on
the other side they hear strange noises
behind the door yudayi gets up furiously
with kiyomi trying to stop him he drops
her to the ground and shouts at toshki
as kyomi lies on the floor with a
bleeding and bruised face she remembers
the woman in the white dress the
following day a lady from child
protection services visits their home
nobody answers but the door
automatically unlocks as the lady walks
in the disorganized and untidy apartment
she finds toshki injured and in shock
the lady aryasu calls her office and the
child is taken away at the hospital the
doctor reports that the child was at the
brink of death due to dehydration and
malnutrition they both decide it's
better for the child to be in protective
custody that night as aryasu waits in
the lobby kiomi arrives at the hospital
and starts behaving rudely to everyone
she challenges aryasu to take koshiki
under protection if she can while their
bantering toshki arrives and kiyomi
lifts him and starts to leave aryasu
stops her upon checking her bruised
shoulder she assures kiyomi that they
are always there to help kiyomi doesn't
answer and leaves the hospital the next
year a severe earthquake occurs and the
news is flooded by the aftermath of the
disaster haruka leaves the set for the
day and her co-worker advises that she
needs to work hard as they're about to
leave odajima comes around and presents
haruka with his new book psychic
midnight vol 4 she asked him again why
he's collecting the stories to which he
answers that he's unsure afterwards he
requests for her assistance in finding
the house tetsuya warned about haruka's
co-worker intervenes but haruka stops
herself and agrees to help odajima back
at her place haruka takes out the old
stuff including pictures of tetsuya and
herself to her surprise she finds the
cassette of the footsteps she recorded
among the pile later at night her head
starts hurting due to strange and eerie
noises around her she finds herself in
the strange house with tetsuya as he
takes a look around the house she then
witnesses the horror of the woman in
white as she approaches tetsuya with a
bundle of sag in her arms and the
traumatizing effect that engulfed them
suddenly she wakes up with a startle and
notices that it's morning and it was
just a nightmare the same morning as she
visits tetsuya's mother and presents her
consent of the recorded footsteps his
mother tells her that she burned all of
tetsuya's things because they troubled
her haruka insists that she needs to
find the house and put an end to it or
else other people might suffer at her
expense tessius mother agrees to help
they both wash their hands meanwhile the
pet cat leaves the food and follows them
they sit at the table his mother lights
up a candle she then grips the cassette
and starts chanting the mantras the room
starts to darken the lights get dim and
the cat is agitated she keeps on
provoking the ghost to show her home the
macbook placed in front of haruka opens
and the pages start turning suddenly an
arm appears out of thin air and places a
finger at the page tatia's mother slowly
turns around to find her son beside her
exclaiming that she shouldn't go with
that she screams and falls down as
haruka supports her everything in the
room goes back to normal it's daytime a
young man leaves his house while his
wife waters the plants in their garden
haruka passes the man on her way to the
neighborhood the young man's wife asks
her purpose as haruka stands in the
doorway of the strange house she
apologizes and moves on but as she
passes her eyes catch a glimpse of the
woman in white in the upper story window
the color leaves her face and she speeds
up from there meanwhile the young man
walks in the city and is being followed
by another person he walks in a
restaurant and meets a pregnant lady
who's showing him stuff for the baby as
they sit and joke around happily a
stalker stands outside and watches them
later the guy who was talking earlier
comes home and is revealed that the
pregnant woman is his own wife he
politely tries upbringing a conversation
but she answers him rudely and leaves
him sitting there wondering what he did
so wrong to deserve the betrayal back at
kyomi's place pushki is severely injured
and medics move him to the ambulance
while his father stands amidst the crowd
disheveled and shocked and after
realizing what he's done he quickly
flees from the scene at the hospital a
police officer inquires kyomi about the
unfortunate incident and she informs him
that udai used a phone to hit toshki as
they talk the doctor invites her to come
take a look she slowly walks inside to
find her son totally traumatized his
head wrapped in a bandage and his eyes
staring blankly into space the doctors
inform her that it's still unsure if
he'll regain consciousness upon the
devastating news kiyomi stumbles out of
the ot and starts laughing in mass
hysteria she drops down on the floor and
her laughs turn into sobs aryasu arrives
at the hospital and sits beside kyomi
just as she asks her name she hears
footsteps behind them the same
intangible footsteps that were recorded
in the cassette she gasps in terror as
the shadow of toshki appears at ot's
door she stands up in fright as the kid
slowly walks out the sound of his feeble
footsteps echoing in the corridor
hariyasu tries to comfort kyomi but she
lashes out and leaves the hospital
crying back in the city haruka visits
the promo of adajima's book she goes
inside and seats herself down odajima's
telling the audience his recent stories
and how he intends to find a strange
house just as he's talking about it his
assistant comes on stage and whispers
that someone has given the locations of
the house he then faces the audience and
shares that the person m knows about the
house he's imprisoned for the murder of
little girls just as he states that he's
going to visit the house haruka
instantly stands up and forbids him to
go there everyone falls silent as she
presses it once again and forbids
odajima that he shouldn't go episode 4
on the rainy day of the year 1995
odajima visits the incarcerated serial
killer in the prison the criminal asks
him why he's collecting the stories
odajima tries to formulate an answer but
is unable to do so the prisoner then
shares how he visits the old houses that
he sees in the newspapers and one
specific house always appears odajima
asks him the address but he can't recall
instead he narrates the story behind the
house where a woman was contained made
pregnant and she died after giving birth
to a child the child later disappeared
odajima sinks into his own thought after
listening to the story later a young man
named nobu is having lunch with a
pregnant woman they discussed that the
child is almost there and they need to
take care of things at their own ends
that night the woman's husband returns
home she serves him dinner with wine she
then confesses to him that the child
isn't his own but her high school
lover's child and although she slept
with her husband her mind was always at
noble after dropping the dreadful facts
on her husband the woman asks him to
drink the wine he gulps it down and then
forces her to drink as well that if
somebody dies it's the three of them she
goes to every length to avoid it and
while he's forcing it on her he gets
nauseous and rushes to the toilet his
wife grabs a knife and stabs him in a
toilet as he's vomiting he survives the
attack and stumbles back into the living
room she tries to kill him again but he
overwhelms and slits her throat with a
bleeding neck she staggers across the
whole room she traces her steps to the
couch and as she slumps in her eyes goes
lifeless her husband vomits again due to
the poison as he regains his senses he
stands petrified upon realizing that he
killed his pregnant wife he slowly
approaches her dead body and decides
that he should save the child to achieve
that he brutally cuts open her abdomen
with a knife and brings out the
premature child a newborn starts to cry
in his senselessness he comes upon a
postcard from noble he then wraps the
child in a cloth and walks to their
house he rings the bell at the strange
house but inside nobu's pregnant wife is
also murdered ruthlessly and nobody
opens the door he sits outside and it
starts to rain he takes a look at the
child which is no longer crying he then
digs a grave and lowers the child's body
into it while the woman in white stands
at his side later the man sits at the
dining table and eats a meal as he makes
his way out nobu's corpse is seen
hanging above the stairs it's morning
when he returns to his place as he's
shuffling around stuff he hears a phone
ring he comes to find the phone
submerged inside his dead wife's belly
in the most gruesome manner he pulls out
the ringing telephone and sits back in
pure shock the next morning the whole
terrible accident is on the news when
the footage of the strange house the man
keichi masaki turns himself in for the
murder of his wife meanwhile at the
library aryasu studies the newspapers
from the past stating the old incidents
from 1988 the death of kyomi's mother
and the disappearance of yoshie and mai
from the disco club as she pulls out the
file her stuff falls down upon picking
it up odajima helps her and sees the
sketch of a weird woman he inquires
aryasu about it but she refuses to
answer as he goes out and asks the
library staff about the house ariyasu
points out that this house is on the
news the very next moment they both
reach the strange house where the media
and police are gathered odjima makes his
way through the crowd and gets a sudden
flashback from his childhood later he
invites haruka and the three of them
discuss the whole thing haruka sees the
drawings that the child made as aryasu
ponders over how a house can bring
suffering to the people living in it
odajima claims that he lived in that
house until he was five everyone in his
family is now dead except him haruka
also claims that she saw someone else in
the house apart from the couple as
odjima discusses the haunted house and
its terrors ariyaso refuses to believe
any of it instead she states that she'll
focus on finding pushki's mother later
keiichi is being investigated the
officer interrogates him about his
actions in the meantime keichi finds a
telephone ringing he doesn't reply to
the officer but points him to the phone
in reality the phone is silent the
interrogator asks him several other
questions but he can't answer any single
one properly the officer then walks out
to consult his superior meanwhile keishi
covers his ears due to the overwhelming
phone rings around them that night as
keiji eats in the cell the phone starts
ringing again he moves to the bars and
frantically cries out for someone to
answer it as he's shouting he suddenly
sees his dead wife's face clamped
against the bars he's horrified at the
sight of her as she points to something
he looks across to see the fetus eating
his food the color drains off daisy's
face and he's scared to death the fetus
slowly crawls to him climbs his body and
in the most petrifying manner enters his
mouth meanwhile at an apartment toshki
is crippling a woman's sketch on his
notebook he calls the sketch his mom his
father nears him and asks him to draw
his dad as well meanwhile some people
bang the door asking katsuji to come out
as he listens to their calls toshki
whispers to him katsuji nears him trying
to understand what he said the kid then
whispers to him to run away run away he
says episode 5 the scene takes off where
the senior detective kosoka mitsudajima
at the restaurant he gets to know about
the strange house and the incidents that
started to occur there in the past 43
years odajima shares that he himself
lived in that house when he was five
years old he then requests kosoka to
take him to the house so that more
information can be gathered later they
both visit the cursed house as they
check around kosoka tells odajima that
many of his officers had dreams about
this house after they researched it as
he's listening odajima suddenly shudders
at the sound of a crash and gets a
flashback of himself as a kid coming to
the living room holding a bundle in his
arms he snaps back to reality and races
upstairs to the bedroom he's now in the
past and sees all things from the older
perspective as kosaka follows him mai
and yoshiya move beside him he turns
around to find nobody meanwhile odajima
looks around and finds a picture of his
parents suddenly the scene shifts and
he's back in reality he then slides open
the wardrobe to see kiyomi sitting there
with tears in her eyes she is looking up
the wardrobe into a hatch odajima takes
a peek as well but finds it empty at the
next moment kiyomi shrieks in horror and
odajima backs off he snaps out of his
hallucination as kosuka puts a hand on
his shoulder he then turns around to see
that the wardrobe only holds
miscellaneous stuff he tries to open the
hatch on the ceiling but is stuck and is
inoperable meanwhile in a dark and
untidy place kiyomi is involved in
prostitution as the man leaves with his
friends katsuji walks up to her place
with uneven steps he meets kiyomi and
tells her he has sold his kidneys and
his wound still bleeds afterwards comes
inside and sits against the wall he
starts talking about toshki kiyomi tells
him that the kid isn't his and gets up
she then imitates a woman in the white
dress and exemplifies her moves to tell
how kiyomi was given the child in open
arms katsuji then asks her to give him a
shot of drugs he only asks him to go to
the bathroom and as he's about to get up
toshki appears and whispers to him again
that he should run away tatsuji just
rubs his hair in affection and gets up
back in the city ariyaso meets odajima
and haruka and gives them the pictures
of kiyomi otajima identifies her as the
same girl he saw in the wardrobe
afterwards they split up to look for her
they keep asking everyone in the
neighborhood but nobody recognizes her
in the meantime asudajima and haruka
move along he shares how he can't find
the cassette haruka exclaims that it was
at her place and maybe interpreting it
will solve their problems in the interim
kosoka visits the saki real estate and
meets the owner he shows him the
newspaper and asks him about the
incidents that occurred in that cursed
house tasaki reveals that 43 years ago a
woman was contained and made pregnant by
the landlord's son he was then murdered
later he also tells how dojima's family
came to live there but there was a
forced entry and a broken window
afterwards the father and the sister
disappeared and the little boy was left
alone kosuka then asked his views about
the haunted nature of the place to which
he refuses to believe that morning
odajima finds a man who guides them to
kiyomi's place as aryaso accompanies him
inside they look around the house
odajima goes into the bathroom and finds
katsuji's dead body in the tub back to
last night tatsuji sits at the edge of
the bath as kyomi brings the injectable
drug after giving him the shots kiomi
pushes him in the tub and drowns him to
death later she slowly staggers out and
cries upon the horrible deed she just
committed she lumbers out in the night
and goes to the cursed house she tries
to go inside but it's locked she then
picks up a branch and tries to break the
window the scene then links the past and
the present the little odagima stands
petrified in the living room as kiyomi
keeps on smashing the glass window once
breached she sits on the floor and
starts sobbing helplessly she takes out
the pictures of her being raped and
spreads them across a carpet meanwhile
yoshi and mai appear behind her and
apologize for ruining her life they ask
her to accompany them and she simply
gets up and follows them out of the room
the following morning authorities arrive
at the scene and take pictures of the
forced entry aryasu and odajima identify
the pictures as kiomes meanwhile an
officer comes to report that they've
found a hatch in the ceiling everybody
rushes upstairs and the officer tells
them that the hatch can only be opened
from the inside they all climb up one by
one the detective concludes that this
was the attic where the woman was
contained by the landlord's son as
kosoka advances odajima asks him to not
go any further his mind suddenly
remembers the past experience where he
and his elder sister found the hatch as
kids his sister kazua climbs up the
attic and odajima follows as they're up
there kazua sees someone and proceeds
towards her calling her mom young
odajima gets scared as it isn't his mom
and he falls down the hatch who is
utmost terror a woman in white looks
down at him from the hatch and drops a
baby into his arms advising him to bury
together the child is scared to death
and he runs downstairs as he looks at
the baby it gives his mouth wide open in
an abnormal manner he drops a baby and
suddenly hears a thud behind him upon
turning around he witnesses a black
entity it's a woman completely dark with
only her eyes visible the woman breaks
the window and darts inside she grabs a
baby and leaves meanwhile in his train
of thoughts odajima comes downstairs and
sees his younger self lying unconscious
on the floor he then sees his father
come inside and pick him up in the next
moment he snaps back to reality and
falls to the floor aryasu comes to help
him up and as he rises his mind and
expressions go numb while his eyes keep
staring at the broken window of the
living room final episode it's 1997 a
married couple moves into the cursed
house renovations are done and the staff
is moving new stuff into the house the
wife tomoko is pregnant and her husband
offers her a chair as the workers are
setting up the place they listen to the
news broadcasting the death of a
kidnapped boy was later found with his
head severed tomoko stands up and turns
off the tv as everyone goes on about
doing their work tomoko notices a stain
on the wall she calls her husband and he
too agrees that it wasn't there before
meanwhile the bell rings and odajima
visits them he sits in the living room
and tells them he was a resident as well
he then warns them about the strange
incidents of the house and that they
should reconsider living here the man
denies his ideas and exclaims that he's
scaring them odajima tries to narrate
the experiences but the guy lashes at
him and tells him to leave as he gets up
odajima leaves his card with a new
resident yu picks it up and crushes it
furiously and asks him to leave at once
later that night tomoko wakes up and
hears a cat meowing somewhere near her
as she walks outside she sees a tv
running the show where haruka honjo
first explains her paranormal
experiences meanwhile yu also wakes up
with the jolt as the shadow passes
behind the curtains he walks out to see
his wife in the kitchen and to his
utmost surprise keiji walks in as well
you tries to go after him but he
disappears instead of finding him you
comes upon the hanging corpse of nobu
the house rings with you scream as he
witnesses the horror of the house at the
same time tomoko drops to the floor
screaming as she gets the sight of
nobu's murdered wife the next morning
haruka arrives at the house with ted's
mother odajima meets them at the gate
and leads them inside as she enters
tetsuya's mother asks you about his wife
and he tells them that she's resting and
needs some time alone tetsuya's mother
advises against it and tells him to stay
with her they proceed to the living room
and as she washed her hands tetsuya's
mother advises haruko to go and stay
beside tomoko meanwhile she accompanies
odajima and you to the attic and starts
the summoning ritual she asks the spirit
to reveal itself and as she senses the
sounds she suddenly exclaims that
they're not a child's footsteps
downstairs in the room haruka converses
with tomoko about her experience as an
expecting mother when suddenly a man
appears behind them he stands behind
haruka's chair in his undergarments and
holds a knife in his hand he
threateningly advances toward tomoko's
bed haruka tries to stop him but he
pushes her away and climbs on top of the
bed tomoko starts screaming helplessly
as the barbaric person lifts up her
dress and presses his ear to her tummy
harukan watches in terror as he laughs
menacingly and raises the knife to stab
her suddenly haruko finds herself
experiencing the scene from 43 years ago
where the landlord's son is trying to
murder the woman but in turn she slices
his throat and throws him off the bed
she lays there blood splattered and
devastated while haruka lies horrified
in the corner the woman starts to laugh
hysterically and gets up and leaves back
in reality tomoko's water has broken and
haruka and odajima put her in an
ambulance as the vehicle speeds away yu
slowly gets up and starts to leave the
house odajima sees you turn into his
father as he staggered on the road and
stops at the place the scene shifts
where young odajima is standing in the
living room watching his father leave as
they both look at each other the living
room window starts rattling and the
young odajima gets scared as the
rattling exceeds his father cries at him
and suddenly vanishes into thin air
meanwhile odajima witnesses the same
thing happen to you he stops at the same
spot starts shaking and screaming
violently while the window also rattles
in the blink of an eye he turns to a
smoking puddle of ash haruka and odajima
stand there stunned at what happened
before their eyes back at the attic
tetsuya's mother hears the word together
barry and sees kazua climb up the attic
and go beyond her to her mother the
woman in the white dress stands behind
her she slowly turns around into her
utter horror she sees a decayed and
rotten corpse of a woman approaching her
with yellowed skin shredded clothes and
in the most gruesome state of existence
tetsuya's mother shrieks as the croaking
corpse slowly approaches her later
odajima gets a visit from detective
kosaka who inquires how dojima wrote
about the telephone found in the
mother's fetus he replies that he made
it up and he's a paranormal researcher
who tells stories he also concludes it
might be the reason he's allowed to live
upon hearing the answer the detective
leaves in the interim ariaso visits
toshki in the hospital who's still
unconscious but as she sets her bags
ariyazo hears the child whisper she goes
near him and he whispers toward the same
words run away that night at the cursed
house haruka is digging up the yard
tetsuya's mother appears and starts
laughing at her she keeps on digging and
then buries the consent of the recorded
footsteps as she gets up to leave the
main gate closes behind her and he hears
a baby crying underneath the ground as
she nears a dug up place the cries
elevate from her bag she throws it down
frantically and then gradually she opens
it up but there's nothing inside except
her own stuff she heaves a sign of
relief and gets up but in the next
moment the same man in undies and a
knife appears behind her clamps her
mouth and drags her away in darkness
hope you enjoyed today's video thanks
for watching